a mouse likes cheese
and take gas the neck after smooth
after solís or you fix legs and I have
tourism but has come from afar
you can see my tremendous sausage that
hanging on the shelf you composed
dismember debut that stadiums you
teacher
forward or to the parrot back the cross to the
buttocks woman has has great the
which is believed to be known to all
Stepped whores asked to step on appetite
but appetite little asshole used
condom to be able to step even there
teacher overwhelms my ass part of this
reason is overlapped fagot and you saw that
between the four eggs step lunch
yesterday with chile serrano and your mom cachito
and more resolved the teacher confuses me and
I thought he liked banana and banana
pineapple
I go to any child and my
pija piece your current scrutiny ass
of lot everyone asks for advice to this
great zero t
although mine cracks
the stars in the sky walked two
in two
that's how my eggs went when I go behind
of bolt floors 0-3 I have 25 pesos for
Two boots better grab this than you
I leave in the mouths alone and soba me
they robbed a hen house alone robot
Guess I stepped on the eggs I've seen in
Your look
I have expected more from my mom my heart from
rosewood clamored lemon flowery people or
forgive me cleaned when in my hand I
came chile and egg stepped on
replacement many years or death had
ethical spot if you ask me more in my
people what they say is whore
in heads of coyol salt 15 the naan if
I say well came the reason culero